Su Tantan, will you help me play tricks on you? Right?
Waiting for me, that good-for-nothing boy of hers now,
It’s still unclear who will deal with who?
Bite you and say, I asked someone to give you one,
Or do you do it yourself?
I'm sending you away. Is this all death?
How much? This little girl is okay, how about it?
It's quite nonsense, this woman is not right,
Don't let anything happen, right?
Yes, yes, yes, yes,
yes, yes,
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
hello so fast
Who is the electronic voice?
Isn’t that all given to you?
Electronic music is very loud
But it’s hard to owe
How did it give you this face?
Isn’t that still owed?
I am the young man with the golden fragrance
Then talk to them
Very hard for sure
Will you send me off again?
I won't give it to you
Speak carefully
How could it be
I'll investigate
The patient who was misled by electronic sounds